Cambridge English readers. Level 1. Hotel Casanova by Sue Leather.
Hotel Casanova by Sue Leather.
Chapter 1. Dino.
The 20th of April was Dino Braco's 21st birthday. He worked.
Giovanni, his boss at the hotel grand, brought him a cake from the hotel kitchen.
Just 21. Said Giovanni, and he put his hand on Dino's back.
Ah, Dino Dino. When I was 21.
Dino ate some cake and smiled. He was only 21 years old, but he was a young man who knew what he wanted. He had a plan.
You must know what you want, Dino. His mother said to him when he was a child, and he did. He had a plan.
Dino came from a very small town called Rachella in the south of Italy. His mother and father were farmers. Rachella was beautiful, but no one had any money.
Dino was born there, but now he lived and worked in Venice. He worked at the reception of the hotel grand.
Wow! said Dino's friends in Rachella.
You're at a big hotel on the Venice Lido. How did you get that job?
Dino smiled.
Because I work hard, he thought, and I have a plan.
Dino liked his work at the reception. When guests came in, he said hello to them, and he asked, Sir, Madam, would you like a glass of suave, one of Venice's famous wines?
He took their credit cards. When they weren't from Italy, he took their passports. Then he asked the boy to take their bags to their room. He helped the guests.
Yes, Madam, of course, Madam. Dino's boss, Giovanni Tardelli, thought he was a good boy.
He knew a girl at the hotel, who also came from Rachella. Her name was Maria Luca, and she worked as a waitress. Maria was nice, and he liked to talk to her, but she was just a friend.
On his birthday, she gave him a small picture of Rachella, their town.
I did it. She smiled at him. You can look at the picture and think about home.
Thank you, Maria. Dino smiled and put the picture in his little room. The picture was nice, but he didn't think about Rachella much. He liked to think about his plans.
Women liked Dino. Well, why not? He was good-looking, with dark, curly hair and beautiful brown eyes. And he was nice.
The women who came to the hotel liked to talk to him. Dino was kind to them. But women were not in Dino's plans, not for the moment.
When I'm 26, he thought, I'm going to meet a woman, the woman I want to marry.
Dino knew that it was important to look good. It was his job. He always wore good clothes, beautiful shirts, nice jackets and trousers. His hair always looked good, and he was always elegante.
He knew that Italy was famous for nice clothes and beautiful things. That's why people came to Italy, to Venice.
Dino worked very long hours, and he didn't make much money. His room, at the back of the hotel, was very small. It just had a small bed, a table and light, and somewhere for his clothes.
But Dino didn't think about the long hours, the little money, and the small room. He liked his job at the hotel grand. And it was only the start. He knew what he wanted.
Every night he wrote about the day in his little black book. Then he looked at his plans. He liked to read them every day.
The night of the 20th of April, his 21st birthday, Dino sat in his little room and looked at his little black book. He looked at his plans.
Everything is good, he thought. But on the 21st of April, something changed his plans. The woman with the long dark hair came and stayed at the hotel grand, and everything changed.
Chapter Two, Dino in Love.
Good morning. My name is Carla Moretti, said the woman. And I have a room.
Dino looked up from his computer. The woman was talking to Beppo, the other young man who worked at the reception.
Dino saw a beautiful woman with brown eyes. She smiled and looked into Dino's eyes. He looked down quickly, but it was too late.
The woman left the reception to go to her room. Again, Dino looked up. The woman was very slim and she wore a beautiful blue jacket.
It was the color of the sky in spring and it looked very expensive.
Do you like her? asked Beppo, laughing. Dino looked down again quickly.
No, I, er, I'm just trying to finish this.
Beppo laughed again and went into the kitchen.
That evening, Dino was in reception. At about 1130, he heard the telephone. He looked at the room lights. It was room 216.
Carla Moretti's room. He answered the phone. Reception, can I help you, madam?
Yes, said the beautiful voice. I want a sandwich, but room service is not replying.
I can help you, madam, said Dino. Dino phoned room service and asked them to phone room 216.
About 45 minutes later, the woman in room 216 phoned reception again.
I just want to say thank you, said Carla Moretti, and you have a very nice voice.
Dino's face went red. They talked for a minute or two. She lived in Rome, but she loved Venice.
He told her that his name was Dino. They laughed. He thought she was very nice.
The next day, Dino thought about Carla Moretti all the time. At about 430 in the afternoon, she came into the hotel. She had lots of bags from expensive shops. She looked tired after her day of shopping.
She went into the cafe just across from the reception. Dino walked quickly into the cafe.
Carla Moretti asked for a coffee. Dino walked up to the young waiter, took the coffee and said, can I take that? The waiter smiled at Dino.
Your coffee, madam, said Dino. He put the small cup of coffee in front of Carla Moretti. She looked up.
It's the man with the beautiful voice, Dino, she said. She looked at him and he looked into her brown eyes.
Er, your coffee, madam, he smiled. He turned to go, but she took his arm. She pulled him to her until his ear was near her mouth.
This evening, at about 10.30, she said, I'm going to order drinks in my room. Please bring them. Do you understand?
Dino went red.
Er, I... well, yes, madam, he said. Very good, she said.
She picked up the Corriere de la Sera newspaper and started to read it.
Dino went back to the reception and waited. He phoned room service.
When room 216 orders drinks, he said, I want to take them to Signora Moretti's room.
Time went very slowly. Then, at about 10.30, room service phoned.
Dino took Carla Moretti's drinks to her room.
Ah, the man with the beautiful voice, she said, when she opened the door.
Come in. I want to talk to you.
Carla drank whiskey. Dino drank water because he was still at work.
Sit down here, said Carla, and tell me everything about yourself.
Dino never told anyone about his plans, but he told Carla.
He talked to her about his plan to marry when he was 26.
And then, when I'm 30 years old, I want my own hotel with my name over the door, he said.
I want it more than anything in the world.
Carla listened. Her eyes didn't leave Dino's face. His face was red. He felt hot.
Hotel Casanova, he finished.
How wonderful, she said. Hotel Casanova, what a beautiful plan, and you are very nice.
She put her hand on his hot face and pulled him towards her. She kissed him. He kissed her.
Dino kissed girls back home in Rachella, but their kisses weren't like Carla's kisses.
That night, Dino didn't sleep in his little room. He slept with Carla Marretti in room 216.
At five o'clock in the morning, Dino opened his eyes.
Oh no, he thought. I'm in love. I'm not 26. I'm just 21 years old, and I'm in love.